Quickstart Reorder (#161)
dbos-inc/dbos-docs: docs/getting-started/quickstart.md

# DBOS Quickstart

> This guide shows how to deploy a simple "Hello" app to the cloud in about 2 minutes. After that, it provides instructions for running this app locally on your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows how to deploy a simple "Hello" app to DBOS Cloud in about 2 minutes. After that, it provides instructions for running this app locally on your system.
```

> This guide shows how to deploy a simple "Hello" app to DBOS Cloud in less than 5 minutes. After that, it provides instructions for running this app locally on your system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide shows you how to deploy your first app to DBOS Cloud in less than 5 minutes. After that, it shows you how to develop DBOS apps locally.
```

## Deploy Your First App to the Cloud

> ### 1. Make sure you have Node.js version 20 or later

Reviewer 2: Install Node.js version 20 or later

Author: Done

nvm install 20
nvm use 20
   ```
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="win-ps" label="Windows">

Download Node.js 20 or later from the [official Node.js download page](https://nodejs.org/en/download) and install it.
After installing Node.js, create the following folder: `C:\Users\%user%\AppData\Roaming\npm`
(`%user%` is the Windows user on which you are logged in).
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### 2. Create the application folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Create an application
```

Author: @qianl15 here I think it's important to introduce "the application folder" in big bold letters. It may be obvious to some users but for others, it is important to establish "the application lives in a specific named folder". We then refer back to it several times below when we say things like "run this from the application folder." So having the word "folder" in the heading makes it a lot more memorable. Does that make sense? Let me know what you think?

Reviewer: Makes sense

To create a new DBOS application, first pick a name for your app. It should be 3 to 30 characters long and contain only lowercase letters and numbers, dashes, and underscores. Then run this command:

   ```bash
npx -y @dbos-inc/create@latest -n <app-name>
   ```

For example, to name your app `hello`, run:
   ```bash
npx -y @dbos-inc/create@latest -n hello
   ```

This command should output `Application initialized successfully!` It creates a new folder named `<app-name>` that contains all the files needed by the "Hello" app. The app greets users and tracks the count of greetings per user. Enter the folder to perform the next steps.

### 3. Log in to DBOS Cloud

> If you already created an account using our [website](https://www.dbos.dev), log in like so from your application folder:

Reviewer: I think it's better to point to the cloud console in this guide.

Author: This should be in place

Reviewer: How about only change the link to cloud console?
```
If you already created an account using our [website](https://console.dbos.dev/)
```

Author: @qianl15 yes I made this change in the code.

Author: oh you mean to use the string "website" but point it to the cloud console URL? Currently I have it saying "cloud console" and pointing to the cloud console.

:::

### 5. Deploy!

Now, we're ready to deploy your application to DBOS Cloud! First, register your application by running this command, using your database instance name from the last step:

```
npx dbos-cloud app register -d <database-instance-name>
```

If successful, the command should print `Successfully registered <app-name>!`

Finally, deploy your application to run it in the cloud:

```
npx dbos-cloud app deploy
```
:::tip
The deploy command may take a minute or so to finish
:::

If successful, the command will print `Successfully deployed <app-name>! Access your application at <URL>`. To see that your app is working, visit `<URL>/greeting/dbos` in your browser. For example, if your username is `mike` and your app name is `hello`, you would visit: 
```
https://mike-hello.cloud.dbos.dev/greeting/dbos
```

:::tip
Don't forget to add `/greeting/dbos` at the end of the URL. 
:::

Each time you refresh the page, the counter will go up by one. If you change the last part of the URL from `dbos` to another name like `/greeting/alice`, the counter will start at 1 for each new name.

> Congratulations, you've successfully deployed your first application to DBOS Cloud! You can see your deployed app in the [cloud console](https://console.dbos.dev/) or in the cli by running `npx dbos-cloud app status`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Congratulations, you've successfully deployed your first application to DBOS Cloud! You can see your deployed app in the [cloud console](https://console.dbos.dev/), or in the CLI by running `npx dbos-cloud app list`.
```

## Run the App Locally

> For development, debugging, testing, or a self-hosted deployment, here's how to run this app on your local machine. This section assumes you've already created an application folder as described in the last secion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For development, debugging, testing, or self-hosted deployment, here's how to run this app on your local machine. This section assumes you've already created an application folder as described in the last section.
```

### 1. Install Postgres or use Docker

The app needs a [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) database to connect to. You can install Postgres on your system or launch it in a Docker container:

<Tabs groupId="operating-systems">

> <TabItem value="mac" label="macOS">

Reviewer 2: Switch the order of the tabs here, so Postgres/Docker is the outer tab and OS is the inner one.

Author: Done

nvm install 20
nvm use 20
   ```
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="win-ps" label="Windows">

Download Node.js 20 or later from the [official Node.js download page](https://nodejs.org/en/download) and install it.
After installing Node.js, create the following folder: `C:\Users\%user%\AppData\Roaming\npm`
(`%user%` is the Windows user on which you are logged in).
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### 2. Create the application folder

> Pick a name for your app. It should be 3 to 30 characters long and contain only lowercase letters and numbers, dashes, and underscores. Then run this command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pick a name for your app. It should be 3 to 30 characters long and contain only lowercase letters and numbers, dashes, and underscores. Then, run this command:
```

:::info
This instance can host multiple independent databases for different applications.
By default, the "Hello" app uses a database named `hello`. This is configurable in [`dbos-config.yaml`](../api-reference/configuration.md)
:::

### 5. Deploy!

Now, you're ready to deploy to DBOS Cloud! First, register your application by running this command, using your database instance name from the last step:

```
npx dbos-cloud app register -d <database-instance-name>
```

If successful, the command should print `Successfully registered <app-name>!`

Finally, deploy like so:

```
npx dbos-cloud app deploy
```
:::tip
The deploy command may take a minute or so to finish
:::

This command should print `Successfully deployed <app-name>! Access your application at <URL>`. To see that your app is working, visit `<URL>/greeting/dbos` in your browser. For example, if your username is `mike` and your app name is `hello`, you would visit:
```
https://mike-hello.cloud.dbos.dev/greeting/dbos
```

:::tip
Don't forget to add `/greeting/dbos` at the end of the URL. 
:::

> 

Reviewer 2: You should say here what they'll see when they visit the page
